Rename delete_users to delete_inactive_users (#125)
alphagov/govwifi-user-signup-api: README.md

aws ecs run-task --cluster api-cluster --task-definition user-signup-api-task --count 1 --overrides "{ \"containerOverrides\": [{ \"name\": \"user-signup\", \"command\": [\"bundle\", \"exec\", \"rake\", \"publish_weekly_statistics['2018-05-03']\"] }] }" --region eu-west-2
```

## GDPR

#### Inactive User Deletion

Any user who has not logged into GovWifi for more than 12 months is considered inactive.

> We have a rake tasks that is running daily to ensure this happens

Reviewer: nit: typo
```suggestion
We have a rake task that runs daily to ensure this happens
```
